Erintuitive's Privacy Policy

Your numeric user id string will be used to store JSON data (Javascript Object Notation) about your choices made in the app, such as but not limited to:
avatar creation for user self-expression, standard sharing and commenting data, and remembering usernames, which are different from your real name. Your personal
information will not be shared with third parties without permission and especially as there is no need to. Your personal information is not the focus of this
application, but rather it is the username and avatar identity you created in this application.

Also, the nature and intention of this application is to retain some anonymity in order for myself to deliver intuitive readings without looking at your personality
or personal information, as this would defeat the purpose of the readings. Therefore, any personally identifiable information disclosure is possible by you, or
information about your personality before the intuitive reading is delivered, is possible but not encouraged, as it may work against the purpose of the application. That said, Facebook requires you public profile for you to enter the app, but I will be doing your reading, not looking at your profile (unless you ask me to), since that's what this app is all about.

The creator of this application will not sell, distribute, or otherwise misuse the personal information of you, the user. I may with your permission ask for
recommendations. This would be considered sharing information with permission.

At times I may record the reading session using a screen recording software to post it on YouTube, but only with the permission of the person in the virtual room who is being read. If I do readings for multiple people at
once, I will ask permission of both of them. The rest of the users agree to be recorded. The exception to this is if the other users disclose personal information
about themselves or third parties during the recording, or use foul language. In these cases, I will either edit it out or not share the recording. My recordings
can be found at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHm3GrVCSeq53fV6eWpoq1g